Jaden, voice-over:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
OH! HEY LOOK!
Zane: IT'S A GIANT DOOR
OF SOME KIND.
JESSE'S GOTTA
BE IN THERE.
JADEN! STOP!
BUT...JESSE NEEDS' ME!
JADEN, IF YOU CAN
DEFEAT ME
YOU'RE FREE TO GO
THROUGH THAT DOOR.
YOU NEED TO DUEL
TO PROVE THAT
YOU'RE STRONG ENOUGH.
YOU'RE STILL NOT HAUNTED
BY WHAT YOU DID
WHEN YOU WERE
THE SUPREME KING!
GO JUDGMENT CANNON!
NO!
[GRUNTING]
UHH.
ZANE?!
MY HEART IS WEAK.
SYRUS, KEEP AN EYE ON JADEN.
'CAUSE HE'S GONNA
NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
LET'S DUEL!
NOW TWINHEADED BEAST,
ATTACK HIM AT ONCE!
[ROARS]
[SCREAMS]
JADEN'S GOT NO CHANCE!
UNLESS HE CAN FINALLY FIND
THE COURAGE TO FORGIVE HIMSELF!
[THINKING] I CAN'T GET PAST IT.
POLYMERIZATION.
ITS POWER HURT TOO MANY PEOPLE.
WHAT IF I TURN DARK AGAIN...
I...I CAN'T WIN...
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
UH...
HMM.
AAH!
Ojama Yellow:
I PEEK-A-BOOED
OVER HIS SHOULDER.
JADEN'S HOLDING
THE POLYMERIZATION CARD
RIGHT THERE IN HIS HAND!
SO THEN WHAT'S
HE WAITING FOR?
AN INVITE?
Syrus: WHEN HE WAS
THE SUPREME KING...
...HE DID SOME SOME
MESSED-UP THINGS
WITH THAT CARD.
HE STILL FEELS BAD
ABOUT USING IT.
I'M STUCK.
WELL, THEN I'D RECOMMEND,
UNSTUCKING YOURSELF JADEN.
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO--
Tania: USE POLYMERIZATION!
Bastion: COME ON, JADEN,
OUT WITH IT!
Bastion: THERE YOU GO!
DO IT!
I SEND POLYMERIZATION
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
WHAT?! WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO ACCOMPLISH?
JADEN!
HE CAN'T DO IT.
HE JUST CAN'T.
I ACTIVATE--THE REVOKE
FUSION SPELL CARD!
THIS LETS ME SEND
ONE FUSION MONSTER
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
WHICH THEN
ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
ONE OF ITS
FUSION-MATERIAL
MONSTERS FROM MY HAND!
SO I SEND--
ELEMENTAL HERO WILDEDGE
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
IN ITS PLACE, I SUMMON--
ELEMENTAL HERO BLADEDGE!
WITH BLADEDGE
ON THE FIELD,
I ACTIVATE THE HERO
MASK SPELL CARD.
USING THIS CARD--
IF I SEND AVIAN
TO MY GRAVEYARD...
THEN FOR THE REST
OF THIS TURN,
BLADEDGE GETS
DOUBLE-DUTY POWERS.
HE GETS THE SAME ONES
AS AVIAN.
AND HE KEEPS HIS OWN.
SINCE HE'S GOT
AVIAN'S POWER--
I ACTIVATE FEATHER SHOT!
UH-OH.
BLADEDGE--SHOW HIM
SOME SLICE AND DICE
ACTION!
[GRUNTING]
[THINKING] OK...
I DID IT...
I CAN DO THIS WITHOUT
USING POLYMERIZATION...
NOW IT'S TIME TO FINISH
THIS GUY OFF. HMM.
PFFT. STUPID ME.
I WAS TOO BUSY MOCKING YOU
TO BUILD A GOOD DEFENSE.
WELL, THAT'S
GOING TO CHANGE.
YOU MISSED
YOUR CHANCE.
OR DON'T YOU KNOW
HOW FEATHER SHOT
WORKS?
[GASP]
IT LETS AVIAN ATTACK
THE SAME
NUMBER OF TIMES
AS THE NUMBER
OF MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD.
AND SINCE BLADEDGE
HAS AVIAN'S POWERS--
HE GETS TO ROLL IN
ALL THE SPELL CARD GOODNESS.
TRANSLATION--HE CAN
ATTACK AGAIN.
BUT I...NO,
HANG ON A SEC...
NO CHANCE! BLADEDGE!
SEND THIS CHUMP
TO THE STARS!
[MOANING]
Bastion: RIGHT!
[LAUGHS] YOU'RE STILL
RUTHLESS...
YOU CAN TAKE THE KID OUTTA
THE SUPREME KING'S CLUTCHES.
BUT YOU CAN'T TAKE
THE SUPREME...
THE SUPREME KING
OUTTA THE ...
Bastion: WELL DONE, J.
HUH? THANKS, BASTION.
TANIA--I'M REALLY GLAD
YOU'RE SAFE.
AND SOUND.
WE MANAGED TO SAVE
THE REALM WE WERE IN.
THE ENEMY WAS ROUTED.
ORDER RESTORED.
OUR FRIENDS ARE ALL OK.
BUT THE FIGHT ISN'T DONE.
WE WON THE BATTLE.
BUT OUR ENEMY
MAY STILL WIN THE WAR.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IF WE DON'T STOP
THE ONE BEHIND
ALL OF THIS...
WELL THEN, WE'RE ALL
PRETTY MUCH COOKED.
OK.
SO WHAT DO WE DO?
WHO'S BEHIND ALL THIS?
HAVE YOU GUYS
FIGURED THAT OUT YET?
MM. INDEED WE HAVE,
NOW THEN, LET ME TRY
TO EXPLAIN EXACTLY
WHAT THIS IS...
YOU SEE THE UNIVERSE
USED TO BE
COMPOSED OF 12
DIFFERENT DIMENSIONS,
EACH ONE MAKING UP
THE CIRCUMFERENCE
OF THE SPACE-TIME
CIRCLE.
AND NOW EVERY DIMENSION
IS STARTING TO OVERLAP.
IF THIS KEEPS UP--ALL 12
DIMENSIONS WILL BECOME ONE.
HUH, SO WHAT'LL HAPPEN
IF THEY ALL MERGE TOGETHER?
Tania: WE'RE NOT SURE.
SO HOW DO WE STOP THIS?
IS SOMEBODY
MAKING THIS HAPPEN?
THE SAME SOMEBODY
WHO CONTROLLED
VIPER AND MARCEL
AND CAME
AFTER YOU, JADEN.
IT'S YUBEL.
OF COURSE!
YUBEL.
SO THEN THIS IS
ALL MY FAULT...AWW.
HMM. JUST GET A GRIP.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
DID YOU MAKE YUBEL EVIL?
YOU MOST CERTAINLY
DID NOT.
DID YOU ASK YUBEL
TO TRY TAKING OVER
THE UNIVERSE? NO.
IF ANYTHING,
YOUR SPECIAL POWERS
ARE THE KEY
TO STOPPING YUBEL.
AWW. YEAH, RIGHT.
EXCEPT THAT I DON'T HAVE
ANY SPECIAL POWERS, BASTION.
YES YOU DO.
MAYBE YOU'RE NOT
AWARE OF THEM,
BUT YUBEL'S
AFTER SOMETHING.
THINK ABOUT IT--
THE POWERS YOU HAD
WHEN YOU WERE
THE SUPREME KING.
THOSE DIDN'T COME
FROM NOWHERE.
OK, BUT...
IF THAT'S THE CASE,
THESE POWERS...
I DON'T HAVE THEM.
THE SUPREME KING DOES.
LISTEN--YOU WON'T
LIKE IT, BUT--
YOU AND
THE SUPREME KING?--
YOU'RE TWO SIDES
OF THE SAME COIN.
YOU'RE THE SAME PERSON.
THE "SUPREME KING" IS
SOMEWHERE INSIDE OF YOU.
NO WAY.
YOU FEEL BAD ABOUT
EVERYTHING YOU DID?
WELL, THEN--THIS IS YOUR
CHANCE TO DO SOMETHING.
YOUR CHANCE TO PUT RIGHT
WHAT YOU MADE WRONG.
SURE, THE SUPREME KING
PART OF YOU
IS STRONG AND POWERFUL.
BUT IF YOU LEARN
TO CONTROL IT,
THAT POWER IS YOURS.
YOU'RE SAYING I SHOULD
BE HIM AGAIN?
BUT, HE'S MERCILESS.
I CAN'T DO IT, GUYS!
YOU'RE NOT REALLY
GETTING IT.
YOU ALREADY ARE
THE SUPREME KING,
LIKE IT OR NOT.
BUT AS LONG
AS YOU'RE SCARED
OF THAT PART OF YOU--
YOU'LL NEVER BE
THE GREAT DUELIST
YOU WERE MEANT TO BE.
WE'RE COUNTING ON YOU.
DON'T LET US DOWN.
SORRY FOR GRABBING
YOUR ARM LIKE THAT.
AND ALL THE BIG YELLING.
JUST TRYIN'
TO PEP TALK YA.
YOU'VE GOTTA FACE
YOUR FEARS, JADEN.
BUT IF HE CAN'T CONTROL
THE SUPREME KING...
HE'LL TAKE OVER AGAIN...
AND THIS TIME--WE MAY
NOT BE ABLE TO STOP HIM.
THERE WE GO,
NICE AND COMFY.
HOW'S THAT FEEL?
WHAT'S THE POINT?
I'M DONE.
HUH?
IT'S OVER, CROWLER.
MY HEART'S GONNA GIVE.
IT MAY BE OVER
FOR ALL OF US, MY BOY.
WE'RE NEVER
GETTING BACK HOME.
I WISH I HAD DONE MORE
WITH MY LIFE.
I SHOULD'VE LEARNED
HOW TO PLAY THE VIOLIN.
I SHOULD'VE
TOLD SWEET JULIE
HOW I FELT ABOUT HER.
I SHOULD'VE CLIMBED
EVERY MOUNTAIN!
AND THEN WRITTEN
MY NOVEL.
BUT NO--I WAS
TOO BUSY TEACHING.
NOT THAT I MINDED, ZANE.
CHILDREN ARE THE FUTURE
AND BLAH BLAH BLAH.
YOU KNOW.
EVEN SO...
YOU HAVE REGRETS...
IF ONLY I HAD KNOWN
IT WOULD END LIKE THIS.
I WOULD'VE FOUND TIME
TO LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST.
LIE DOWN, REST UP.
YOUR HEART CAN'T TAKE
ANY MORE STRESS.
MAYBE NOT.
BUT WE HAVE
SOME COMPANY ARRIVING.
LOOK OVER THERE.
HUH?
AAH!
IT'S--!
IS THAT REALLY--?!
IT'S JESSE!
YOU'RE OK!
SO GOOD TO SEE YOU!
HA HA! I JUST KNEW
YOU WERE OK!
I REFUSED TO GIVE UP--
WHAT'S WRONG, ZANE?
YOU SHOULD
STAY BACK, PROFESSOR.
SO WHERE IS JADEN?
OH, HE'S AROUND HERE
SOMEWHERE.
BUT FIRST THINGS FIRST--
YOU'VE GOT SOME
EXPLAINING TO DO.
HMPH.
SO, TELL US--
WHAT'VE YOU BEEN UP TO?
BESIDES LOSING
YOUR SOUTHERN DRAWL?
NEVER YOU MIND, ZANE.
A NEW DAY DAWNS.
DOES IT REALLY?
BEFORE LONG--THE FABRIC OF
ALL THINGS WILL BE UNDONE.
THEN REWOVEN.
SO THAT ALL DIMENSIONS
WILL BECOME ONE.
THE GREAT EYE
WILL SEE ALL.
[LAUGHS]
YEAH, OK. I'D
ASK YOU TO EXPLAIN
WHAT THAT ALL MEANS.
BUT YA KNOW WHAT.
DON'T EVEN BOTHER.
I'D RATHER HAVE A DUEL
THAN SIT THROUGH
A LECTURE!
SO, YOU READY TO GET
YOUR GAME ON?
WAIT. YOU CAN'T
DUEL JESSE, ZANE.
YOU'RE IN NO CONDIT--
I'M NOT GOING TO
LEAVE HERE WITH REGRETS.
MY TIME HERE IS LIMITED.
WHEN IT'S UP, I DON'T WANNA
BE SAYING "I SHOULD'VE."
YOU UNDERSTAND.
DON'T YOU?
WELL, YES, BUT, BUT--
THERE'S A CHANCE
WE CAN SAVE YOU.
THERE'S ALSO A CHANCE THAT
WE WON'T BE ABLE TO.
I'M NOT WAITING.
AHH.
THIS DUEL MIGHT BE THE THING
THAT SENDS ME TO THE STARS.
BUT BETTER THAT
THAN TO FADE AWAY
WHILE LYING DOWN.
I LIVE TO DUEL.
AND THIS COULD BE
THE ULTIMATE BATTLE.
[THINKING] AFTER ALL,
AS MUCH AS I HATE
TO ADMIT IT...
JESSE WAS ONE OF
MY GREATEST OPPONENTS.
YOUR CYBER END DRAGON
IS GONNA BE
QUITE THE CHALLENGE.
HOPE YOU DON'T LOSE...
BEFORE I GET A CHANCE
TO TAKE IT DOWN.
HOW DARE YOU TALK
TO ME THAT WAY.
HOPE THAT DECK OF YOURS
CAN BACK IT UP.
NOW LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF.
HERE IT IS!
CYBER END DRAGON!
SUPER STRIDENT BLAZE.
SAVE ME, JESSE!
YOU'RE GONNA BE OK,
'CAUSE I'M PLAYING
AMBER CRYSTAL CIRCLE.
THAT EXCITEMENT.
I'VE ONLY EVER
FELT IT TWICE.
WHEN I DUELED JADEN,
AND WHEN I DUELED JESSE.
ONLY JESSE AND I NEVER GOT
TO FINISH OUR DUEL PROPERLY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHO YOU REALLY ARE
BUT YOU LOOK LIKE HIM,
AND THAT'S
GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME.
IF YOU HAVE JESSE'S POWERS,
THEN BRING 'EM ON!
SO I CAN SETTLE
MY FINAL SCORE.
HA. WITH PLEASURE.
FOR YOU SEEM LIKE
A VERY LONELY SPIRIT, ZANE.
THAT'S SOMETHING THAT
YOU AND I HAVE IN COMMON.
YOU CAN BE THE FIRST ONE
I SAVE.
I'M HERE TO SAVE
ALL THE LONELY SPIRITS.
TO UNITE THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE
SO THAT NO ONE
FEELS THE PAIN...
THAT JADEN MADE ME FEEL.
BUT, BUT--!
PROFESSOR--GET BACK.
IF YOU DON'T WANNA GET
BURNED--TAKE COVER, WORM.
AAH! OH DEAR!
Jesse and Zane: GAME ON!
I HAVE THE FIRST MOVE.
LET'S BEGIN.
I ACTIVATE THE ADVANCED
DARK FIELD SPELL!
THEN I SUMMON AN ADVANCED
CRYSTAL BEAST--AMETHYST CAT!
IN ATTACK MODE!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IF ZANE WINS, THEN
JESSE LOSES AND--
IF JESSE WINS,
ZANE LOSES!
EITHER WAY,
ONE OF 'EM
GOES TO THE STARS!
[ALL GASP]
Bastion: ISN'T THAT--?
IT LOOKS LIKE ZANE!
WHO'S HE DUELING?
HE'S DUELING!?
THAT'S BAD, RIGHT?
Tania: LET'S GO!
IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW!
YOU MUST NOT THINK
VERY MUCH OF ME.
WHY ELSE WOULD YOU SUMMON
A LITTLE KITTY LIKE THAT?
YOU'LL FIND OUT IF YOU MANAGE
TO LAST LONG ENOUGH.
I AIM TO!
[THINKING] AND IT
SHOULDN'T BE HARD
'CAUSE CRYSTAL BEASTS
HAVE LOW ATTACK POINTS.
THAT BEING SAID--
THEIR SPECIAL ABILITIES
KEEP THEM AROUND
ON THE FIELD
AFTER THEY'VE
BEEN DESTROYED.
HE'S TRYING
TO PLAN A COMBO
USING ADVANCED DARK.
BUT IF I PLAY
MY CARDS RIGHT,
I CAN TAKE HIM DOWN
BEFORE HE LINES
THINGS UP.
YOU CAN'T SCARE ME,
YOU KNOW.
MY FATE IS WRITTEN!
I SUMMON--CYBER DRAGON!
Jaden: ZANE!...
HEY, ZANE!...
IS THAT YOU, JADEN?
AND BASTION!
YOU'RE HERE!...
AND...AND WHO'S HE?
Jaden: JESSE!
ZANE, NO!
SOMETHING'S WEIRD.
HE LOOKS KINDA FREAKY.
HEY! THAT'S
MY BIG BROTHER
YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT, YOU KNOW.
I-I WAS
TALKING ABOUT JESSE!..
I MEAN, LOOK AT
THOSE EYES, WOULD YA?
CYBER DRAGON!
SLAM THAT KITTEN
WITH STRIDENT BLAST!
Jesse: AMETHYST CAT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES!
WHEN IT'S DESTROYED
IN BATTLE...
INSTEAD OF BEING SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD--
IT STAYS IN MY
SPELL AND TRAP CARD ZONE.
AS A CRYSTAL.
HEY--WEREN'T YOU
SUPPOSED TO LOSE
LIFE POINTS?
NORMALLY, I WOULD'VE...
BUT THIS ADVANCED
DARK FIELD SPELL
HAS SOME REALLY NICE PERKS.
FOR INSTANCE--IF
AN ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEAST
IS DESTROYED,
I CAN NEGATE
THE DAMAGE COMING TO ME
BY SENDING A CRYSTAL BEAST
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
IF YOU WANT TO DAMAGE ME...
TRY HARDER.
HMPH! I THINK I CAN
MANAGE THAT.
NOW--I PLACE
A CARD FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
WHY ARE THEY
DUELING?
JESSE--THEN ZANE SAID--
...I DON'T REALLY KNOW.
JESSE, WE'VE BEEN
LOOKING FOR YOU!
WHAT ARE YOU--?
WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
WHY ARE YOU
DUELING ZANE?
MY BROTHER'S
GOTTA STOP THIS...
HE CAN'T TAKE IT.
WHY NOT, SY?
Crowler: THOSE
UNDERGROUND DUELS
SEEM TO HAVE TAKEN
A TOLL ON ZANE'S HEART.
HIS DUEL ENERGY
IS LEAVING HIM.
THIS BATTLE
COULD BE HIS END.
UNDERGROUND DUELS?
SY?
[GROANS]
HEY, GUYS!
KNOCK IT OFF,
WOULD YA?!
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
ONE OF YOU IS HISTORY!
CALL OFF THE DUEL!
Zane: I CAN'T.
I'M A GONER EITHER WAY.
IF I'M GOING OUT,
I'M GOING OUT DUELING.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE
WATCHING THIS, JADEN.
I WANT YOU TO SEE THE PAIN,
THE PAIN THAT YOU GAVE ME.
All: AAH!
NOW THEN--
BACK TO THE BATTLE.
IT'S MY TURN.
I SUMMON ADVANCED
CRYSTAL BEAST
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS--
IN ATTACK MODE!
[WHINNYING]
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS
CAN CALL FORTH
ANOTHER CRYSTAL
FROM MY DECK.
I SELECT RUBY CARBUNCLE
AND PLACE IT FACEDOWN...
...IN MY SPELL AND TRAP
CARD ZONE.
WITH THAT DONE--
I CAN ACTIVATE
RUBY'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
I SUMMON
ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEAST
RUBY CARBUNCLE
AND ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEAST
AMETHYST CAT!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE M FORCE SPELL CARD!
THIS SPELL GIVES
ONE CRYSTAL BEAST
500 EXTRA ATTACK POINTS.
THOSE POINTS
ARE GOING TO PEGASUS.
AND WITH THAT
PEGASUS TAKES FLIGHT!
ATTACK CYBER DRAGON!
GO SAPPHIRE DARK HORN!
NOT SO FAST!--
I ACTIVATE
THE ATTACK REFLECTOR
UNIT TRAP CARD!
WITH THIS CARD--
BY SACRIFICING
CYBER DRAGON...
I CAN SUMMON CYBER
BARRIER DRAGON...
IN DEFENSE MODE!
MY PEGASUS CAN'T DEFEAT
CYBER BARRIER DRAGON...
BUT AMETHYST CAT,
ON THE OTHER HAND,
CAN POUNCE PAST YOUR MONSTER
AND ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
HOWEVER--IN EXCHANGE
FOR THIS PRIVILEGE,
IT CAN ONLY ATTACK YOU
WITH HALF ITS ATTACK POINTS.
AMETHYST CAT!--
ATTACK ZANE DIRECTLY!
[GROANING]
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
WHAT'S WRONG, ZANE?!
YOU OK?
THAT WASN'T
THAT MUCH DAMAGE.
BUT HE'S
TAKING IT HARD.
HE'S IN HORRIBLE SHAPE.
HIS HEART HAS
ALREADY STOPPED ONCE.
Bastion and Tania: HUH?
REALLY!?
EVEN IF HE WINS...
THIS MAY JUST BE
ZANE'S LAST DUEL.
Crowler: ...ZANE IS IN
NO CONDITION TO BE DUELING.
SERIOUSLY.
JESSE--WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS
IF YOU LOSE
A DUEL HERE?
OF COURSE I KNOW.
IN FACT--THAT'S WHY
I'M DOING THIS.
WHAT DO YA MEAN?
WHEN I DESTROY
YOUR FRIEND...
I WANT YOU TO BE WATCHING.
THEN MAYBE...YOU'LL
FINALLY KNOW MY PAIN,
MY SORROW.
OH NO...
IT'S YUBEL...
IF YOU'RE GONNA DUEL
SOMEONE, THEN DUEL ME!
LET ME TAKE ZANE'S PLACE!
LET'S DO THIS!
Zane: THIS ISN'T
YOUR BATTLE, JADEN!
PUT YOURSELF
IN MY SHOES.
IMAGINE IT--
YOUR TIME IS UP,
YOUR ENERGY
IS FADING FAST.
WOULD YOU JUST WAIT
FOR THE END?!
OR WOULD YOU DUEL?!
YEAH, BUT ZANE...
HERE WE GO...
IT'S MY TURN...
I DRAW!
I DON'T LIKE THIS...
I HAVE THIS FEELING...
SOMETHING BAD'S GONNA
HAPPEN TO MY BROTHER.
BEFORE I MAKE A MOVE...
I SWITCH CYBER BARRIER DRAGON
FROM DEFENSE MODE
TO ATTACK MODE.
WITH THAT DONE--
I ACTIVATE--POLYMERIZATION!
[GASP]
BY TAKING TWO
CYBER DRAGONS FROM MY HAND
AND SENDING 'EM
TO MY GRAVEYARD...
...I SUMMON CYBER TWIN DRAGON!
CYBER TWIN DRAGON
ATTACK SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
DOUBLE STRIDENT BLAST!
YOU'RE WASTING YOUR ENERGY.
THE ADVANCED DARK FIELD
SPELL EFFECT ACTIVATES.
FROM MY DECK, I SEND ADVANCED
CRYSTAL BEAST EMERALD TURTLE
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
YOU DESTROYED IT.
BUT IT RETURNS TO MY FIELD
AS A CRYSTAL
AND I TAKE NO DAMAGE.
[SNICKERS] THAT'S
ONE DOWN AND TWO TO GO.
TWIN DRAGON CAN ATTACK TWICE.
LOOKS LIKE YOUR KITTEN'S
ABOUT TO BE DECLAWED!
FINE. BUT I STILL WON'T
TAKE ANY DAMAGE.
[SNICKERS]
IS HE A FEW CARDS
SHORT OF A DECK?
WHY IS HE ATTACKING?
I KNOW HIS PROFESSORS
TAUGHT HIM BETTER THAN THIS.
HE'LL LOSE.
MAYBE NOT.
[SNICKERS] TWIN DRAGON
ATTACK AMETHYST!
DOUBLE STRIDENT BLAST!
ONCE AGAIN--I SEND
A BEAST TO MY GRAVEYARD.
AND ONCE AGAIN,
YOU CAN'T HARM ME.
YOU'VE GOT
ONE MONSTER LEFT.
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE IT
ATTACK ME, TOO, ZANE?
YOU KNOW WHAT?--
I WILL!
CYBER BARRIER DRAGON!
ATTACK RUBY CARBUNCLE
WITH SONIC SHRIEK!
I SEND TOPAZ TIGER
TO MY GRAVEYARD!
AND TAKE ZERO DAMAGE.
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD--
DE-FUSION!
YOU WON'T LEARN...
YOUR PERSISTENCE ANNOYS ME.
JESSE'S DECK IS
OUT OF CRYSTAL BEASTS...
ZANE CAN WIN.
BUT THEN
JESSE LOSES.
AND THEN HE'LL BE
SENT TO THE STARS.
BOTH CYBER DRAGONS
WILL ATTACK YOU,
ONE AFTER THE OTHER!
[ROARING]
NO MORE SHIELDS...
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
GO STRIDENT BLAST!
[GROANING]
[THINKING] IF THE NEXT
ATTACK SUCCEEDS...
I'LL WIN...
AND DESTROY JESSE...
BUT IT HAS TO BE DONE.
AAAAH!
ATTACK HIM
WITH STRIDENT BLA-A-AST!
[GROANING]
AAH!
[BOTH GASP]
[GASP]
ZANE, NO!
JESSE!??
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪